EECS E6893 - Big Data Analytics Initial Proposal Given the dataset in our
possession, the following insights can be derived from it.

1. Analyzing the major customer concerns with banks in each state     We aim to
gain an insight into the problems plaguing retail banking in each state in the
US.     This can be derived from the available dataset and the aim is to use
this as a building block     for subsequent objectives that we hope to achieve.
Classifying the customer concerns based on the     state, will give let us know
the major concerns in each state and we aim to find the top 3 concerns     of
customers.

2. Derive business impact of customer concerns to banking institutions
Classifying the available data based on whether customers' concerns were
addressed or not will     provide valuable insight into the effect of them on
institutions' business. For example, a large     number of unresolved complaints
can be taken to mean that the specific customers have taken their     business
elsewhere.

3. Propose likely solutions to future concerns     A mixture of resolved and
unresolved concerns will provide sufficient ground to learn the likely solution
for similar problems in the future. This will, hypothetically, improve the
response time towards addressing     customer concerns in the future. In
addition, should the actual solution differ from the computationally suggested
one,     the feedback can be used to improve the suggestion generations for the
future. The results of this can be clustered     depending on the location and a
general trend about geographic distribution of banks' behavior can be obtained.
At this     point it is unclear what this can be used for, but it can likely be
used as constructive feedback for the banks and institutions     themselves.

4. Develop a performance metric based on time taken to resolve concern
Depending on the type of concern and the time taken to resolve it, we can come
up with a standardized performance metric,     taking into account the various
factors of the case and apply the metric across all future solutions. This will
help pinpoint     those problems that take longer to resolve and therefore can
be given a higher priority.

The above objectives are based on the dataset obtained from the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau. We aim to package existing tools into a specific
usable package, for similar datasets. Given that the libraries and tools that we
propose to use are in general scalable, our prime focus is on the analysis and
the result that we can potentially generate.
